annex in:1902			more than 2,900 people have been killed since unrest broke out in january 2004 in the south , which was an autonomous sultanate until thailand annexed it in 1902 , provoking decades of tension .		
iranian boat			iranian revolutionary guard boats harassed and provoked three u.s. navy ships in the strategic strait of hormuz , threatening to blow up the american vessels , u.s. officials said monday .		
left knee			ironically , however , it is his home run trot that provides evidence that strawberry is ailing , that his surgically repaired left knee is bothering him .		
pro-independence rhetoric			his election ended eight years of rule by chen shui-bian , whose pro-independence rhetoric inflamed china .		
chinese ship			the united states says chinese ships surrounded and harassed the navy vessel in international waters .		
private visit			the chinese military conducted two rounds of missile tests this summer in seas close to taiwan after taiwan 's president , lee teng-hui , paid a private visit to the united states which infuriated beijing .		
chinese vessel			the spat between washington and beijing , which has seen numerous claims and counter-claims in the past few days , began after the pentagon said chinese vessels had harassed a us navy ship in international waters on sunday .		
sore right			left fielder garret anderson was in monday 's lineup originally , but after taking batting practice he was scratched because his sore right hamstring still bothered him .		
NUM iranian			the pentagon said monday that five iranian boats had harassed and threatened three u.s. navy warships in international waters in the strait of hormuz .		
right ankle			`` if it only bothers me once a year , i do n't think it 's that big a deal , '' nowitzki said .		
iranian speedboat			tehran : iran accused the united states of `` clumsily '' fabricating footage claiming to show iranian speedboats harassing us ships , as washington issued a new warning to its archfoe on the first day of a middle east visit by president george w. bush .		
taiwanese president			the news that the pope will not come surfaced at a time when ties between china and taiwan have grown increasingly tense , since taiwanese president lee teng-hui infuriated beijing by saying last month that relations between the two should be conducted on a `` state-to-state '' basis .		
greek f-16			`` at the beginning of the exercises , four greek f-16 jets harassed a turkish cougar helicopter , '' admiral yener karahanoglu said during a briefing for reporters on the course of the sea lion-2002 exercises .		
pro-independence policy			chen , whose pro-independence policies in office often irked beijing , maintains he is innocent and accuses the current government of leading a political witch - hunt .		
lower back			dillon was selected despite a lower back strain that had been bothering him for several days .		
broadside against:federal_agent			`` your broadside against federal agents deeply offends my own sense of decency and honor , '' bush wrote .		
rumor of:suicide_bomber			on aug. 31 , 2005 , rumors of a suicide bomber in a procession of shiite pilgrims crossing a bridge in northern baghdad provoked a deadly stampede .		
right knee			`` the right knee was bothering me at the end of the season , and i thought then that i might need surgery on that one .		
left hamstring			`` mentally and physically i am ok , only my left hamstring is bothering me a little bit .		
revolutionary guard			iranian revolutionary guard boats harassed and provoked three u.s. navy ships in the strategic strait of hormuz , threatening to blow up the american vessels , u.s. officials said monday .		
offer aid			the north is angry at south korea 's conservative leader lee myung-bak , who scrapped his predecessors ' policy of offering virtually unconditional aid to pyongyang .		
kill teenager			a brazilian who has confessed to killing and dismembering a british teenager was angry because she refused to marry him so he could apply for british residency , court officials revealed thursday .		
deny portfolio			sharon was angry at being denied a top portfolio after being instrumental in rallying religious voters to help secure netanyahu 's come-from-behind victory over shimon peres in the may 29 election .		
refuse plea			caribbean leaders are angry that the security council refused their urgent plea to send international troops to save aristide , haiti 's first democratically elected leader , then , after he was forced to flee three days later , sanctioned an intervention led by u.s. troops .		
deny honor			pinochet 's family and supporters were angry that president michelle bachelet , whose father was tortured and died during pinochet 's regime , and who herself was tortured alongside her mother , denied the ex-general official state honors including a funeral befitting a former head of state .		
denounce war			kohl is yeltsin 's personal friend and staunchest european ally , although critics in germany are angry that he has not denounced the 21-month war in breakaway chechnya .		
fear increase			but british lawmakers , many of whom opposed the war , are angry , fearing a major increase in british casualties .		
support government			a vast majority of spaniards opposed the war , and many said the government 's support for it had made the country a target for al-qaida and provoked the madrid bombings .		
support movement			at the time of the assassination attempt , both the us and european press had hinted that bulgaria had become involved in the attack at the urging of its then close ally , the soviet union , which was angry at the pontiff for supporting the anti-communist solidarity movement in his native poland .		
calculate hour			truckers are angry about a new government proposal for calculating work hours that they say will keep them on the road longer to make ends meet .		
accept emmy			members of a christian theater troupe are spreading the word that they are irate about kathy griffin 's off-color speech in accepting a creative arts emmy earlier this month .		
award increase			pean said state workers were angry with thaksin 's attempt to privatize state enterprises and delays in awarding salary increases .		
molest boy			olson said she decided to release it because she was angry over levada 's defense of the way the vatican handled a wisconsin priest accused of molesting as many as 200 deaf boys .		
deny harbor			the chief of the us navy and the head of the us pacific command on tuesday said they were especially bothered that the two minesweepers were denied a safe harbor in .		
amend act			according to khadka , nwsc employees were angry for a bill passed by the house of representatives on tuesday to amend nepal water supply corporation -lrb- nwcs -rrb- act which entitles the government to handover the government-owned water distribution mechanism to a british company .		
take citizen			`` why take out only their own citizens while other people are dying ? liberians are angry , yes .		
bring staff			a community member living near the petrochemicals plant said locals were angry with indorama for bringing in indian staff and paying them more than nigerian workers for similar jobs .		
use african-americans			mainstream african-americans are particularly offended that many rap musicians use it in lyrics , which has revived it in american slang .		
fix conditioning			abdi deposited the money in his own account , saying he was angry at his landlord for not fixing the air conditioning .		
recess talk			amfa is angry that the national mediation board recessed its mediated talks with northwest early this month , indicating the union had not presented a serious wage proposal .		
first child			one pleased consumer , dona gapp , a schoolteacher in new york , who is expecting her first child in april , said she used e-mail to ask dr. richard u. levine , her obstetrician at the columbia university medical center , if certain vitamins and nonprescription medicines were safe for her .		
trial on:charge			kerviel is awaiting trial on charges of breach of trust , fabricating documents and illegally accessing computers .		
loss of:billion_yen			the group , which is in the midst of cutting 15,000 jobs and closing dozens of plants , said it expected a net loss of 195 billion yen for the current business year to march because of weak sales and restructuring costs .		
map in:color			0713 color weather -- 3 x 4?1\/4 -- national forecast map in color .		
profit of:billion_yen			the carmaker forecast a pretax profit of 300 billion yen for the full year to march on sales of 7,800 billion yen .		
cent per:share			analysts polled by thomson financial predicted the company to earn 49 cents per share excluding special charges .		
operating loss			after market close on thursday , ceo pierre-henri gourgeon told the airline group 's board that he expects an operating loss of around euro200 million -lrb- $ 272.14 million -rrb- for its fiscal full year , which ends march 31 .		
net loss			the company expects a net loss of 30 cents a share in the june quarter , but said excluding amortization and the one-time charges , the loss would be 8 cents a share .		
second child			celtic striker henrik larsson will skip sweden 's friendly against greece next week to stay in glasgow with his wife , who 's expecting their second child , coach lars lagerbaeck said friday .		
earnings per:share			the four analysts surveyed by thomson financial expected earnings per share of $ 1,476.99 -lrb- euro955 .49 -rrb- on average .		
reading of:number			analysts were expecting a strong reading of 54.7 .		
NUM gmt			rendezvous process expected to begin about 1800 gmt , final maneuver to get the two ships aligned planned for 2115 gmt .		
tough match			`` i expected a tough match so i 'm glad , especially in the second set where i had her under control and i dominated . ''		
final approval			daschle predicted the senate would give the homeland security bill final approval by next week , despite democratic complaints about the commission and provisions they said limited the rights of the new agency 's workers .		
earnings of:$			the company said it expects 2003 earnings from continuing operations of $ 3.65 to $ 4.15 a share , on sales of $ 25 billion to $ 26 billion .		
revenue of:$			the latest figure was slightly below the consensus forecast of analysts surveyed by thomson financial , who expected revenue of $ 5.77 billion .		
third child			samuelsson 's wife is expecting the couple 's third child during the tournament which starts aug. 26 with sweden playing germany in stockholm 's globe arena .		
percent contraction			most independent analysts here are forecasting an eight percent contraction for argentina this year .		
full-year earnings			klm said it expects full-year earnings per share to increase by 10 percent .		
regulatory approval			ak steel said it expects to obtain regulatory approval and complete the sale by march 31 .		
grow percent			thailand 's shin corp. expects its combined group net profit to grow more than 20 percent this year , its chief executive officer boonklee plangsiri said friday .		
rise percent			canada 's october consumer price index probably rose 0.1 percent from the previous month , analysts forecast .		
increase percent			with the maxi-devaluation of the real , the company expects to increase overseas sales another 10 percent this year .		
fall percent			france is predicting that its budget deficit will fall to 2.3 percent of gross domestic product this year and 1.7 percent next year , but at that rate it is unlikely to balance its books before 2012 .		
earn cent			the company expects to earn 60 cents a share in the second quarter , rather than the 75 cents .		
post loss			us investment bank lehman brothers announces that it expects to post an unprecedented second-quarter loss of 2.8 billion dollars , citing `` challenging market conditions . ''		
report loss			the restructuring plan includes the sale of noncore assets and the layoff of about 8,100 workers , primarily at its loss-making auto unit , fiat auto , which expects to report 2 billion euros -lrb- us$ 2 billion -rrb- in losses this year .		
post profit			looking ahead , flextronics said it expects to post third-quarter net profit of between 15 cents and 17 cents a share .		
shrink percent			fitch , which rates the credit risk of companies and governments , also affirmed italy 's long-term issuer default ratings at aa - with a stable outlook and said it expected the economy to shrink 5.0 percent in 2009 .		
reach dollar			experts predict that the country 's combined imports in the next five years will reach 150 billion to 200 billion us dollars .		
expand percent			deutsche bank economist yaroslav lisovolik forecast the economy would expand 3.8 percent if average oil prices hover around 65 dollars per barrel this year , and the growth rate is set to reach 5 percent if crude prices hit 80 dollars a barrel .		
report profit			analysts expect a strong performance from tata consultancy services -lrb- tcs -rrb- despite infosys technologies tuesday reporting a disappointing first quarter net profit that saw a sell-off of stock .		
take charge			the company also announced that for the fourth quarter of 2002 , kaiser expects to take significant non-cash pretax charges to write down the carrying value of its northwest smelters and to recognize the impact of pension and post-retirement obligations for hourly employees .		
contract percent			the organization for economic cooperation and development predicts the economy will contract 0.2 percent next year .		
average percent			the world bank reported earlier this month that it expects average growth rates in developing countries to fall to just 1.5 percent in 1999 , the lowest growth rate since 1982 , before ratcheting back up in 2000 to 3.7 percent .		
reach percent			gavrilenkov said he expected inflation to reach 11.8 percent this year .		
decline percent			the niesr said it expects output grew by 0.2 percent in the three months ending in november , following a decline of 0.3 per cent in the three months ending in october .		
drop percent			deutsche bank auto analyst rod lache predicted a sales drop of 41 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 9.5 million .		
see growth			looking ahead , the company expects its consumer business segment , which includes cosmetics , to see some sales growth through the end of the year with an eye toward gaining more market share .		
reach NUM			on friday , they closed at $ 41.69 , and the managers predict that they will reach $ 53.69 within 12 months .		
international sporting			until now , it has shunned all international sporting events in south korea , including this year 's soccer world cup .		
discovery of:uranium_enrichment_equipment			iran suspended inspections indefinitely last weekend after the u.n. agency adopted a resolution deploring recent discoveries of uranium enrichment equipment and other suspicious activities that iran had failed to reveal .		
crime legislation			a bid to pass hate crime legislation after the 1998 attack died in the texas legislature without bush 's support .		
sporting event			the north 's decision is significant because the communist country until now shunned all international sporting events in south korea , including this year 's soccer world cup .		
russian force			russian forces repelled the offensive and pushed deep into georgia .		
disproportionate use			stoere said that he deeply deplored israel 's disproportionate use of violence in gaza and the terrible suffering it is inflicting on the civilian population there .		
white people			bobby seale charismatically hates white people , while people cheer .		
extreme partisanship			noting that the voters re-elected a republican congress and a democratic president , clinton said , `` surely they did not do this to advance the politics of petty bickering and extreme partisanship they plainly deplore . ''		
continued failure			responding to a tribunal complaint about mladic 's appearance at the funeral , the council 's 15 members said they `` deeply deplore the continued failure of the federal republic of yugoslavia to cooperate with the tribunal .		
gay people			`` you know , i hate gay people , so i let it be known .		
public eye			san francisco -- j. d. salinger , a giant of 20th century american letters and author of `` the catcher in the rye '' who had shunned the public eye for decades , died wednesday at his home in rural cornish , n.h.		
killing of:civilian			we deeply regret and strongly deplore the killing of civilians . ''		
path of:violence			`` we are willing to engage in serious discussions with every group provided they shun the path of violence , '' singh said as he announced a series of economic measures to boost the region 's economy .		
interracial couple			they want to portray fuhrman as a rogue cop and bigot who so despised interracial couples that he planted an incriminating bloody glove on simpson 's estate as part of a police effort to frame him .		
brutal persecution			siegfried kampl , a senator representing the southern province of carinthia , said in an interview in april that he deplored the `` brutal persecution '' of austrian nazis by the allies ' denazification campaign after world war ii .		
persecution of:austrian_nazis			last year an extreme-right senator deplored the `` brutal persecution '' of austrian nazis after world war ii , and another questioned the existence of gas chambers to eliminate jews .		
violation of:human_rights			eu leaders also said they deplored continued violations of human rights in iran , and urged the authorities to release eu citizens and employees of european missions there .		
recent discovery			the resolution welcomed iran 's agree to open its facilities to pervasive inspection , but said it `` deplores '' recent discoveries of uranium enrichment equipment and other suspicious activities that iran had failed to reveal .		
use of:heavy_weapon			ban `` deplores the reported indiscriminate use of heavy weapons against civilian population centers , which is in disregard of international humanitarian law , '' his spokeswoman , michele montas , said in a statement in new york .		
talk since:november			north korea has shunned the six-party talks since november to protest us financial sanctions imposed over allegations that the regime was counterfeiting us dollars and laundering money through a bank in macau .		
wear attire			as happened earlier in tribal areas of northern thailand , some people are ashamed of wearing traditional attire in front of foreigners or don it just to beg or be photographed for a fee .		
tell faithful			pope benedict xvi said saturday he was ashamed of the `` unspeakable '' sexual abuse of children by priests , telling the british faithful during mass in westminster cathedral that he was deeply sorry and hoped the church 's humiliation would help victims heal .		
have mother			`` he killed her because he was also ashamed of having a mentally ill mother .		
take orphan			`` her friends were horrified that she was taking in aids orphans , '' greene says .		
enjoy opera			they hold placards with embarrassed self-incriminations : `` i am ashamed of enjoying soap operas ; '' `` i am ashamed of my body , '' etc. .		
treat soldier			`` frankly speaking , i 'm quite ashamed of how the israeli government has treated the former sla soldiers , '' lawmaker ephraim sneh said .		
clergy abuse			the president of catholic charities said wednesday that cardinal bernard f. law 's handling of the wideneng clergy sexual abuse scandal is alienating donors and could lead to a record deficit for the state 's largest social service agency .		
lock seeker			lawrence , who last week said she was ashamed of labor 's support for the government 's hardline policy of locking up all asylum seekers in isolated detention centres , urged the rally of about 2,000 people to keep fighting for reforms .		
do optional			when rabin was killed , israelis were horrified that a jew had done it .		
let people			`` i 'm ashamed of america for letting so many people in without scrutinizing them , '' she said .		
sink economy			south koreans are horrified that their government and business leaders have nearly sunk the national economy , yet new opinion polls show surging support for a presidential candidate backed by that same traditional establishment .		
air programming			`` once they were ashamed of themselves -lrb- for airing tacky programming -rrb- .		
admit cluelessness			so why has n't the movement taken hold ? many people are afraid of admitting their financial cluelessness to others , or they 're ashamed of their bad decisions .		
forgo therapy			and they were horrified that people might be forgoing traditional therapies to use something that their names were associated with . ''		
describe murder			`` i am deeply ashamed of it -lrb- the murders -rrb- , '' she told the parole board after describing in graphic detail the grizzly murders ordered by the man she said she obeyed because she `` believed he was jesus christ . ''		
avert invasion			congressional republicans , while publicly praising carter for averting a u.s. invasion , also expressed private dismay at his statement to haitian dictator raoul cedras that `` i am ashamed of what my country has done to your country , '' referring to the impact of the u.s.-led economic embargo on the health and nutrition of children in haiti .		
buy ring			at tiffany , for example , insiders were horrified that jerry seinfeld only bought a two-carat ring for his new bride , jessica sklar .		
hijack aircraft			thirty-eight-year-old shi yuepo , a native of hebei province , north china , admitted he had fled to taiwan by hijacking the air china aircraft because he was ashamed of not being able to repay his 300,000-yuan -lrb- some 36,145 u.s. dollars -rrb- debts to his friends .		
push person			`` i am ashamed of the netherlands for pushing such a valuable person out of the country , '' eu competition commissioner neelie kroes , a dutchwoman , said .		
give profession			at first they were horrified that he was giving up the `` very noble profession of teaching '' for the risky business of cooking .		
government reprisal			medina , who is in an undisclosed location in caracas fearing government reprisals , has refused to comment until he receives an official explanation .		
attack by:ethnic_albanian			some 200,000 serbs and other minorities since have fled kosovo , fearing revenge attacks by ethnic albanian extremists .		
possible reprisal			two used aliases , ali and khalil , saying they feared possible reprisals for testifying against an agent of the former regime .		
political backlash			at the time , many feared that banning batasuna would cause a political backlash in the region , but it never materialized .		
long-term effect			still , it 's the long-term effects the yukos saga could have on production growth in russia _ seen by the united states and others as an alternative to middle east oil _ that worry world markets more than temporary production cuts .		
reprisal attack			leon said he feared reprisal attacks against his two children : `` anything that happens to me or my family , i hold gonzalez responsible . ''		
reprisal for:genocide			the estimated one million refugees , most of them hutus , fled rwanda , fearing reprisals for last year 's genocide of tutsi minority that happened before the tutsi-dominated rwandan patriotic front took power .		
unintended consequence			environmentalists fear dangerous unintended consequences .		
new crackdown			the demonstrators said they were afraid that it may pave the way for further government crackdown on falun gong .		
government retribution			bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic said he wanted stronger international commitment for the safety of sarajevo 's serbs , who fear government retribution for nearly four years of serb bombardment of the capital .		
revenge attack			an estimated 200,000 serbs fled kosovo after the 1988-99 conflict , fearing revenge attacks .		
nuclear program			along with concerns over the north 's taepodong missiles , which put virtually all of japan and the roughly 50,000 u.s. troops stationed in this country within range of north korean warheads , tokyo is anxious to monitor north korea 's nuclear weapons development program .		
security vacuum			south korea regained peacetime control in 1994 , and late former president roh moo-hyun stuck a contentious deal with washington in 2007 to take over the wartime command , a move that angered conservatives fearing a possible security vacuum .		
reprisal from:government			`` we 've crossed the line into a humanitarian crisis , '' said one western diplomat who asked not to be identified because he was afraid of reprisals from the government .		
loss of:sovereignty			london , on the other hand , in order to appease unionists , protestants fearing a loss of britain 's sovereignty over the province , could try to limit the joint co-operation to spheres such as culture and tourism .		
humanitarian disaster			`` we fear a comprehensive humanitarian disaster in iraq .		
reprisal for:massacre			when about 1.2 million hutu fled rwanda in 1994 because they feared reprisals from an advancing tutsi army for the massacre of at least 500,000 tutsi civilians , mobutu supported the dispatch of a french intervention force .		
loss of:business			johor bahru -lrb- jb -rrb- petrol station operators fear loss of business after malaysian government 's move to ban foreign-registered vehicles from topping up their fuel tanks at petrol stations within 50km of the country 's borders .		
spread of:disease			dr. ferko ory , who is working in the camp for the group doctors without borders , said he feared the spread of disease .		
renew violence			mangosuthu buthelezi , who heads the inkatha freedom party , told a news conference that he feared the retirement of president nelson mandela after upcoming national elections would trigger a renewed bout of political violence in the region .		
destabilize region			greece fears the conflict could destabilize the wider balkan region , and also wants to prevent the wave of refugees from heading south into the country .		
upset balance			the sale would have provided china with its first advanced airborne early-warning capability , something us defense experts feared could have upset the delicate balance of power with taiwan , which beijing wants to see reunited with mainland china .		
set precedent			on kosovo , russia opposes independence for the province from serbia and fears it could set a dangerous precedent for some restive russian and former russian republics .		
give name			aye , who was too frightened to give her full name , was only 14 when she left keng tung in rural burma to try to find a job in thailand 's booming economy .		
spark pandemic			experts say the infections in turkey are the result of contact with sick animals and there is no evidence to suggest human-to-human transmission , which scientists fear may spark a deadly worldwide pandemic .		
destabilise region			as the european union struggles for a unified response to kosovo 's expected declaration of independence , several eu states -- mainly those near the serb province -- fear the move could destabilise the historically volatile balkan region .		
seek weapon			defusing fears that tehran is seeking nuclear weapons , and tries with mixed results to banish worries of a possible us strike on iran .		
trigger pandemic			humans generally have had no exposure to this bird virus , and health officials fear that its spread would trigger a global pandemic , potentially killing tens of millions of people .		
engulf region			this is only the start , if we do not reach a quick and just solution , i fear that terrorism and violence will engulf the whole region , '' he said .		
spark violence			many fear that the political contest could spark fresh violence between rival groups .		
spark race			asian experts also fear the move could spark an arms race in volatile northeast asia , where north and south korea remain technically at war following their 1950-53 civil conflict .		
use program			the u.s. and its allies fear tehran is using its civilian nuclear program as a cover to produce atomic weapons .		
use enrichment			the united states and other western powers fear that iran , despite tehran 's denials , is using a uranium enrichment program to develop fissile material for nuclear weapons .		
disrupt export			traders fear that action against the islamic republic could severely disrupt the oil-rich nation 's crude exports .		
hurt industry			china insists that it wants to join the world trade body , but many bureaucrats and provincial politicians fear that opening domestic markets to global competition will hurt state industries and spur unrest at home .		
expose settler			but rabin , according to israeli sources , fears that the pullout of israeli troops from west bank villages and towns , as required by the accord , would expose both the 120,000 jewish settlers in the region and israel itself to further terrorist attacks by islamic radicals opposed to the peace agreement .		
declare state			turkey also fears that iraqi kurds would declare an independent state if they controlled oil resources .		
fuel sentiment			ankara fears that the genocide allegations could fuel anti-turkish sentiment in international public opinion at a time when it is vying for membership of the european union .		
give power			many christians living in the southern philippines fear the pact gives too much power to the rebels .		
trigger violence			india said it also feared the execution could trigger more sectarian violence .		
traditional friendship			fu , also a member of the central military commission , said that the two peoples and the two armed forces enjoy a traditional friendship .		
immunity from:prosecution			lawmakers enjoy immunity from prosecution , but it can be lifted at the discretion of parliament .		
diplomatic immunity			the court found that cedomir brankovic enjoyed diplomatic immunity under the international convention on special missions because he entered bulgaria as part of a serbian military delegation .		
widespread support			under one senate bill that enjoys widespread support among us lawmakers , china would be slapped with a 27.5 percent tariff on all its us-bound exports unless it floats its currency .		
degree of:autonomy			the oil-rich region still enjoys a wide degree of autonomy within the russian federation under an agreement brokered with former president boris yeltsin .		
popularity rating			the greatest threat to his position comes from his finance minister , chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown , who has presided over a prolonged period of economic growth and enjoys higher popularity ratings .		
comfortable lead			danish prime minister anders fogh rasmussen 's centre-right government enjoys a comfortable lead over the opposition ahead of tuesday 's general election , three opinion polls published on sunday showed .		
high popularity			the venezuelan leader still enjoys high public popularity of over 50 percent , and he has vowed to be a contender in the 2012 presidential election if the constitutional amendment is passed .		
approval rating			for much of the last year , koizumi enjoyed public approval ratings above 70 percent in media polls .		
equal rights			`` on the one hand , china has adopted various measures to ensure that the disabled enjoy equal rights with other citizens and to protect their rights from infringement , '' the white paper said .		
popular support			manuel zelaya , the deposed president , condemns the elections as illegal , and predicts a low turnout that will show that he still enjoys popular support .		
wide support			however the bill enjoyed wide congressional support from clinton 's own democratic party .		
wide popularity			bin shaker , 60 , who enjoys wide popularity , has served as prime minister twice since 1989 .		
excellent relation			he said zimbabwe was part of the african union and southern african development community and had lots of friends in the world including in europe where he singled out france and italy as friendly countries as well as in asia where it enjoys excellent relations with china and india among others .		
good reputation			shah described shahbaz as a clean man who enjoys a good reputation in the party .		
parliamentary immunity			dozens of mkhedrioni were arrested and their chief , dzhaba iosseliani , who currently enjoys parliamentary immunity , has been forced to lie low .		
lead in:poll			sharon was seeking re-election in the march 28 elections and enjoyed a wide lead in the polls .		
best season			the seahawks , who are enjoying the best season since they came into the nfl in 1976 , had won 11 in a row before losing a meaningless season-ending finale at green bay .		
comfortable majority			wade 's pds enjoyed a comfortable majority in the smaller outgoing parliament , holding 90 of the 120 seats .		
widespread popularity			china is a growing market for western pop culture , with artists from elton john to the four tenors performing here in recent years , although asian stars from japan , south korea and hong kong also enjoy widespread popularity .		
survive appeal			on 12 , davison was lucky to survive a loud lbw appeal from plunkett , but he fell in the 17th over when he skied an anderson ball to bell at deep extra cover .		
escape card			sneijder was lucky to escape a yellow card for an ugly high tackle on sergio busquets on the stroke of halftime yet , from then on , he kept on targeting referee howard webb .		
escape injury			their driver and interpreter were lucky enough to escape with minor injuries .		
win set			`` i actually think she was lucky to win the first set .		
avoid card			bok full-back zane kirchner was lucky to avoid a yellow card when he halted richie vernon with a shoulder-first challenge .		
watch movie			she enjoys reading fiction , antiquing , watching old movies and biking .		
destroy weapon			ekeus said the inspectors are satisfied that baghdad has destroyed its tactical chemical weapons and now are focusing on missiles and `` significant materials '' still unaccounted for .		
close relation			pakistani foreign secretary riaz khokhar told reporters at the airport that both countries enjoy close and brotherly relations .		
win decision			certainly , the bowe who stepped into the ring for tuesday 's sparring session at the tropicana hotel & casino looked much slimmer than he did on july 11 , when bowe was lucky to win a controversial decision over golota -lrb- 28-1 , 25 knockouts -rrb- at madison square garden .		
knock tooth			`` let 's enjoy knocking their soft teeth down their whiny throats ! '' was allen 's memorable call to battle five years ago .		
get draw			`` we played a great first half , azaouagh then scores two great goals , we get the red card and at the end we were lucky to get away with a draw . ''		
have pension			some retirees are lucky to have a traditional pension that will send them a monthly check for life .		
survive attempt			shevardnadze was lucky to survive two assassination attempts in 1995 and 1998 .		
survive ball			kenny benjamin was lucky to survive the hat-trick ball that struck him on the pad but was out leg before wicket in warne 's next over as he fell awkwardly trying to sweep .		
have guy			`` i 'm lucky to have three guys like that , '' manning said .		
have insurance			`` those of us who are lucky enough to have commercial insurance for health care have a strong preference to choose our own provider , '' she said .		
have parent			`` if you 're lucky enough to have elderly parents , you need to start planning for what goes along with that .		
possess weapon			the un restricted iraqi oil exports after baghdad 's 1990 invasion of kuwait and says the sanctions will continue until it 's satisfied that iraq no longer possesses chemical or biological weapons .		
avoid injury			williams gashed his hand to the bone in the accident and track officials at the time said he was lucky to avoid more serious injury .		
read history			granted , it will be difficult to take your eyes off carroll 's photography _ not to mention the carefully chosen pictures from various archives _ but if you enjoy reading golf history , then this is a book for you .		
death of:number			`` the president deeply regrets the death of four turks in today 's incident in germany , which was the result of arson according to an initial investigation , '' demirel 's office said in a statement .		
quake victim			one year after a massive earthquake hit china 's southwestern inland , chinese president hu jintao on tuesday mourned quake victims with a white chrysanthemum and a motivating speech calling for collective strength in face of extreme hardship .		
death of:wife			the gal movie is `` to gillian on her 37th birthday , '' in which peter gallagher mourns the death of his wife so much he talks to her ghost .		
loss of:man			`` our nation mourns the loss of our men and women in uniform .		
tragic loss			`` our entire mcdonald 's system mourns this tragic loss . ''		
death of:father			in a national broadcast thursday , mugabe mourned the death of `` a father figure , a founder of our nation , this great man whose life was spent in struggle . ''		
death of:number_people			the vote , also determining candidates for governorships , congress and the senate , came as the party mourned the death of 38 people at a campaign rally in a stadium disaster thursday .		
death of:relative			an ethnic albanian family on wednesday mourned the death of a relative they said was shot and killed by serbian police in the turbulent serbian kosovo province .		
loss of:friend			at the apartment complex of the train operator , jeanice mcmillan , 42 , in springfield , va. , neighbors mourned the loss of a friend .		
innocent victim			chancellor angela merkel says she `` deeply regrets '' any innocent victims from a controversial air strike in afghanistan last week that has brought the mission into sharp focus ahead of german elections on september 27 .		
unfortunate incident			`` it 's important to say the navy regrets this unfortunate incident , '' said cmdr. bruce cole , a spokesman for the pacific fleet .		
error of:son			`` we deeply regret the errors and failures of those sons and daughters of the church , '' the statement said .		
damage to:embassy			in a statement from its headquarters in brussels , belgium , it said it `` regrets any damage to the embassy or injuries to chinese diplomatic personnel . ''		
loss of:those			the decision to go to war remains blair 's most divisive legacy , and blair says `` i ... regret with every fiber of my being the loss of those who died . ''		
death of:democracy			during zimbabwe 's world cup opener , in the capital harare , against namibia on february 10th , black fast bowler olonga and white team-mate andy flower both wore black armbands and issued a statement mourning the `` death of democracy '' in zimbabwe under president robert mugabe .		
death of:grandson			police are already out in force across pakistan for the muslim holy month of muharram , when the minority shiite community mourns the death of mohammed 's grandson , officials said .		
needless offense			`` it was a missed opportunity causing needless offense , which i deeply regret . ''		
death of:mother			last week , as people all over the world mourned the death of mother teresa , the diminutive nun noted for her selfless devotion to the poor and the dying , the church sent signals that in her case it might once again bend to the popular will , and put her on a fast track to sainthood .		
lose love			he pines for his lost love , seleuce , who , unbeknownst to him , is also in cyprus disguised as a shepherdess .		
NUM victim			embattled president hugo chavez urged tens of thousands of marchers saturday to defend the oil industry against a campaign to unseat him , infuriating strike leaders mourning three victims of an attack on an opposition rally the previous day .		
light candle			below have moved on this circuit in expanded form : jerusalem -lrb- ap -rrb- _ anguished israelis mourned their dead monday , lighting memorial candles and saying prayers for 23 israelis and two americans killed in two suicide bombs detonated by muslim militants in jerusalem and the coastal town of ashkelon .		
announce death			`` the federal government regrets to announce the sudden death of chief m.k.o. -lrb- moshood -rrb- abiola , '' the statement said .		
leave friend			the week passed in a flash , and we were sad to leave all our new friends .		
overshadow day			iraq mourned eight dead in a western raid on basra on sunday , overshadowing the fourth day of un arms inspections , as britain and the united states prepared to defend their tough line against baghdad .		
create anguish			`` i regret that this incident has created such anguish and disruption for the residents and law-enforcement officers of this city , '' he said .		
thank troops			his return was marked by controversy after the head of the british armed forces , general sir mike jackson , said on friday he regretted kember had seemingly not publicly thanked the british troops who had freed him .		
make weep			the family of a gunman who shot dead 32 people apologizes for the `` excruciating grief '' inflicted on a us campus , saying as the nation mourns that he had made `` the world weep . ''		
offend people			`` mr. ted turner deeply regrets offending the polish people during a speech he made in washington , d.c. , last week , '' the statement from turner broadcasting system inc. said .		
run organization			despite president bill clinton 's re-election on november 5 , the united states continues to oppose a new mandate for boutros-ghali , chiefly because the republican-led us congress is unhappy with how the 74 - year-old egyptian diplomat has run the international organization .		
use choice			`` i deeply regret using such a poor choice of words .		
obtain evaluation			`` we regret that the board did not obtain its own independent evaluation of the alliance . ''		
steal cut			`` i regret the president has stolen this tax cut from working american families , '' said senate majority leader trent lott , r-miss .		
wear skirt			when asked whether he regretted his decision to publish the mohammed cartoons , in light of the firestorm they unleased in the moslem world and threats against him , flemming said it was like asking a rape victim whether she regretted wearing a short skirt .		
cause feeling			taiwan 's foreign ministry spokesman michel lu said chen regretted that his comment had caused `` uncomfortable feelings among some people '' .		
prevent compatriot			`` i regret that the artificial dividing wall imposed by force prevents our turkish cypriot compatriots from joining us within the framework of a reunified cyprus on the road to europe , '' he said .		
advise public			`` zambian airways regrets to advise the general public that it will be suspending its daily services between lusaka and harare from dec. 1 , 2007 because of continuing operational challenges on the route caused by high fuel costs and extreme currency fluctuations in zimbabwe , '' said nchito .		
question police			the former state attorney general denied wednesday withholding evidence of racial profiling from federal investigators but said he regrets not questioning state police more thoroughly about allegations they targeted minority drivers .		
miss workout			frank thomas returned to the chicago white sox spring training camp tuesday after missing six workouts because he was unhappy with his contract and $ 9.9 million annual salary .		
describe tourist			the tourists told the court they regretted their actions , describing them as `` a moment of foolishness , '' local media said .		
get airplane			`` we deeply regret that the u.s. air force will not get the best available airplane , '' he told journalists in paris .		
communist state			a long-range test would be the first since the communist state shocked the world in 1998 by firing a missile over japan into the pacific ocean .		
powerful blast			the powerful blast shocked a country unaccustomed to such violence .		
news of:arrest			news of the arrest shocked smith 's former coaches , who described him as a soft-spoken player with a solid work ethic and strong upbringing .		
jewish nationalist			smiling confidently and waving to his parents , the jewish nationalist who stunned the world by assassinating yitzhak rabin went on trial for murder tuesday .		
extreme-right leader			french extreme-right leader jean-marie le pen , who stunned the world in the 2002 presidential race by making it to the final round , renewed his call monday for a `` patriotic union '' of far-right parties to present a single candidate in next year 's presidential vote .		
apparent suicide			the apparent suicide -- the first by a modern south korean leader -- shocked the nation .		
powerful earthquake			a powerful earthquake measuring 8.1 at the richter degree shocked many parts of the provinces of north sumatera and aceh in the country around 08:00 -lrb- local time -rrb- sunday .		
brutal murder			the brutal murder deeply shocked the normally staid dutch society and fueled ethnic tension .		
double murder			the double murder shocked this tranquil gulf nation and the two months court case was followed avidly by the public .		
far-right leader			in 2002 the firebrand far-right leader shocked europe by making it through to the second round of the french presidential election .		
image of:emaciated_prisoner			images of emaciated prisoners from those camps shocked the world when first broadcast in august 1992 , provoking outrage against the notorious ethnic-cleansing campaign led by bosnian serbs .		
NUM explosion			-- three explosions shocked nangarhar 's provincial capital jalalabad on monday morning but caused no damage , police said .		
american qualifier			american qualifier robby ginepri shocked russian fifth seed nikolay davydenko in a 4-6 , 6-4 , 6-4 decision .		
shoot spree			on june 2 , taxi driver derrick bird killed 12 people before turning the gun on himself in cumberland in a shooting spree that shocked the quiet , rural area .		
french voter			french voters also surprised observers in 2005 by rejecting the european constitution .		
unseeded american			spadea admitted he surprised himself by overcoming the 28-year-old german .		
string of:other_crime			in a trial that has already taken seven years , prosecutors on thursday presented final arguments in their case against a doomsday cult guru charged with masterminding the 1995 nerve gas attack on tokyo 's subways and a string of other crimes that deeply shocked japan .		
ferocity of:attack			`` yes , it shocks me a lot because our assessment is that the competitions are excellent , the athletes are very satisfied , '' said renee smith-valade , spokeswoman for organising committee vanoc .		
slavery scandal			one man in china was sentenced to death tuesday and 28 people were handed jail terms in the first verdicts over a slavery scandal that shocked the nation , a judge said .		
butterfly ballot			even theresa lepore , the county 's former elections supervisor whose butterfly ballot design confused voters in the 2000 presidential election , chimed in : `` he was a wonderful person who will be remembered for his caring personality and good works in our community . ''		
put teaching			news of the ruling brought swift and sharp condemnation from politicians , legal experts and muslim leaders in germany , many of whom said they were confounded that a german judge would put seventh-century islamic religious teaching ahead of german law in deciding a case of domestic violence .		
terminate agent			a question being pondered by those who were stunned that arnold schwarzenegger had terminated his longtime agent ; but industry observers say they firmly believe loyalty exists in more cases than not .		
include flaw			`` i 'm stunned that they would include such a wide-open and obvious flaw . ''		
include change			even so , some analysts and institutional investors said they were stunned that thursday 's announcements did not include management changes .		
know scientist			he was startled that a midlevel hydrodynamics expert at los alamos knew china 's top nuclear scientist .		
write female			at the time of its original publication in 1994 , some reviewers said they were stunned that a man could write in a voice so convincingly female .		
exclude mortgage			but observers were stunned that the rules excluded adjustable-rate mortgages with low teaser rates .		
support opposed			when reports surfaced sunday that fong had donated $ 50,000 to the rev. lou sheldon and his traditional values coalition , political insiders were stunned that fong could support a group so opposed to gay rights that it advocated quarantining people with aids .		
confront government			williams , says he is flabbergasted that `` us local boys '' confronted an elected government .		
produce invitation			but when he asked her to show him her white house invitation , he was startled that she could not produce it .		
pick plant			'' i 'm stunned that they picked the monroe plant as a place to talk about clean air .		
ignore datum			harry jonas , a past president of the group and board member of prch , said , `` i am stunned that an evidence-based agency like fda can ignore the overwhelming scientific data and advice of their own committees ...		
formalize list			in recent interviews , senators and former staffers for the dscc -- on whose behalf riady , hsia and huang were raising money in 1988 -- said they were stunned that riady had formalized such a self-interested wish list .		
buy street			`` i 'm particularly amazed that people -lrb- on wall street -rrb- who had all these sophisticated models and were trained to analyze all this stuff bought it and distributed these loans around the world . ''		
develop proposal			several diplomats said they were puzzled that the united states had not developed an alternate proposal to the one from japan , germany , india and brazil .		
reverse impairment			`` we were pretty amazed that the treatment completely reversed cognitive impairment in 20 days , '' tim boyd , one of the lead authors of the study , said in a news release .		
change post			`` i 'm puzzled that the u.n. secretariat , under pressure from some member countries , is changing the goal posts , '' he said .		
validate critique			still , some liberals said they are stunned that their actions may validate a conservative critique of government .		
share story			all of his teammates were startled that henderson , whom they recognized for his ever-present smile as much as his quiet , private demeanor , would share such a somber , intensely personal story .		
suffer breakup			scientists are especially puzzled that the wilkins has suffered big breakups during the southern hemisphere 's winter , when atmospheric temperatures are at their lowest .		
outside aid			with its economy in tatters , north korea has been relying on outside aid to feed its 22 million people since 1995 .		
private insurance			the government provides coverage for the poor , elderly , military veterans and many children , but most americans rely on private insurance , usually received through their employers .		
computer model			to do so , vanguard is parking more of its money in hub firms that specialize in this area that relies on sophisticated computer models .		
food aid			some 6 million afghans are relying on foreign food aid , nearly one-third more than last year .		
global positioning			it will consume much less power than location devices that rely on global positioning system satellites .		
international food			the expulsion has sparked fears of a humanitarian crisis in the region , where the government and rebels have been fighting for six years and several million people rely on international agencies for food , shelter and water .		
public transportation			he said that teachers who rely on public transportation must walk or take a bus from the nearest subway stop , which is 15 blocks away .		
fossil fuel			it is also one of the world 's most coal-dependent counties , relying on the fossil fuel to generate more than 90 percent of its power .		
food handout			livestock and crops have been decimated and some villagers rely on international food handouts .		
immigrant labor			on the other are hudson valley apple growers and other farmers who rely on immigrant labor to glean their fields .		
subsistence farming			the landlocked province of cunene , on the namibian border , is one of angola 's poorest provinces where the majority of the population rely on subsistence farming .		
food stamp			the number of americans relying on food stamps exceeded 30 million -- 10 percent of the population -- for the first time in september .		
over-the-air signal			on feb. 17 , stations are scheduled to switch from analog transmission to digital , requiring consumers who rely on over-the-air signals to install converter boxes .		
positioning system			increasing numbers of people rely on global positioning systems and online mapping to plot their travels , and many this week are confounded with computerized directions that send them right toward the bay area 's collapsed interstate 580 freeway connector .		
roadside bombing			taliban militants , whose regime was toppled in a u.s.-led military campaign in late 2001 , are largely relying on roadside bombings and suicide attacks to target the afghan security forces and their u.s. and nato backers but the lethal devices often claim the lives of non-combatants in the war-torn central asian state .		
strong serve			against golmard , the young belgian won 7-6 -lrb- 1 -rrb- , 3-6 , 6-3 , relying on strong serving and powerful forehands to handle critical moments and overcome frequent bouts of lackadaisical play .		
big serve			vaceka , relying on his big first serve , had becker in trouble from the start and it took some time for the german , in his first-ever match against his opponent , to come to terms with his game .		
unnamed source			he said the government relied on the same unnamed source but provided `` other intelligence reports based on a variety of sources and evidence '' to corroborate the allegations .		
foreign worker			some prominent members of the people 's party have taken out ads to support the deal because they say the economy relies on foreign workers and access to european markets .		
export for:growth			`` our initial achievements are at risk of being undermined '' by countries that are relying on exports for growth instead of building up their domestic demand , geithner said .		
handle problem			however , democrats hold a double-digit edge over the republicans as the party that people trust to handle the country 's major problems , and most americans said they were dissatisfied with or angry at the policies of congressional republicans .		
handle issue			in a july poll by the public policy institute of california , when asked which candidate they trusted more to handle environmental issues , voters picked kerry over bush by 56 percent to 30 percent .		
offset news			republicans seized on a drop in the unemployment rate to assert on friday that tax cuts were invigorating the economy , highlighting just four days before the election an issue that party strategists are counting on to offset bad news about the war .		
replenish inventory			coffee roasters are counting on the september and october harvests to replenish lean inventories before u.s. demand perks up in december .		
form duma			russia 's nationwide parliamentary elections were officially launched as voters in the country 's far east began to cast ballots at 11 p.m. moscow time on saturday -lrb- 2000 gmt -rrb- for the parties they trust to form a new state duma , or lower house of parliament .		
handle matter			law said he trusted that aides such as banks would handle such matters `` adequately . ''		
reverse vote			former lawyer roh , 57 , trusts that the court will reverse the national assembly vote , saying last week he expected `` a legal judgement which will be different from a political one . ''		
provide capability			loren thompson , who follows aviation and other defense issues for the lexington institute think tank said he believes the army under new chief of staff gen. peter schoomaker favors ending the comanche program , even though the service had been counting on it to provide a new reconnaissance capability .		
prevent sanction			iran is counting on international support from russia and china -- permanent u.n. security council members -- to prevent harsher u.n. sanctions .		
expel separatist			but the rebels ' military possibilities there would be limited , and the russians also are counting on local villages to expel armed separatists for fear of being bombed by the federal forces .		
add challenge			americas : missile defense : pentagon preparing for missile defense test washington _ the pentagon is counting on one more successful test of its missile defense system before adding new technical challenges .		
undertake examination			`` we trust that the -lrb- european -rrb- court will undertake a further serious examination of both the facts and the law before giving judgement in the case , '' it concluded .		
provide education			thousands of local residents are counting on those companies to provide college educations for their children and comfortable retirements for themselves .		
handle security			until they made their recent pledges of allegiance to the preservation of the social security trust fund , they ran well behind democrats when americans were asked which party they most trusted to handle social security .		
erase lead			the illinois senator was counting on big wins to erase clinton 's slim delegate lead for an edge in a contest that could stretch to the democrats ' national convention in august .		
enact agenda			congress-hastert -lrb- washington -rrb- -- house speaker dennis hastert , a former high school wrestling coach who has often been characterized as an affable sidekick to house majority leader tom delay , has emerged as a powerful force , the man president bush is counting on to enact his ambitious second-term agenda , including social security legislation and tax code reform .		
meet payment			argentina had been counting on the money to meet interest payments due on its 141-billion-dollar public debt .		
respect process			`` the people of california have a constitutional right to vote on marriage , and we trust the high court will respect the democratic process , '' said defense fund senior counsel glen lavy , who argued before the court for maintaining the state 's one-man , one-woman marriage laws .		
capture term			vilnius , lithuania _ president valdas adamkus is counting on his popularity with lithuanians to capture a second term next month after an unexpectedly strong challenge from his political rival .		
implement deal			sydney : us vice president dick cheney warned china that its swift military build-up worried the world and said washington was not blindly trusting north korea to implement a landmark nuclear deal .		
